---
title: "Privacy and Policy"
date: 2020-04-02T22:14:39+02:00
lastmod: 2020-04-02T22:14:39+02:00
draft: false
author: ""
authorLink: ""
description: ""
license: ""

tags: []
categories: []
hiddenFromHomePage: true

featuredImage: ""
featuredImagePreview: ""

toc: false
autoCollapseToc: true
math: false
lightgallery: true
linkToMarkdown: true
share:
  enable: false
comment: false

---

## Privacy and Policy

**Angaben gemäß § 5 TMG**

Maik Michel<br/>
Weberstr. 7<br/>
46282 Dorsten<br/>
<br/>
**Represented by:**

Maik Michel<br/>
<br/>

**Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrag**

Provider: [all-inkl](/pdf/Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrag_19227_20180518.pdf)
<br/>
Analytics: google<br/>
<br/>
Contact:<br/>
Phone: 02362993364<br/>
E-Mail: maik.michel@micodify.de<br/>
<br/>
**Responsible for the content according to § 55 Abs. 2 RStV:**
Maik Michel

## Disclaimer

### Liability for contents

The contents of our pages were created with the greatest care. However, we cannot guarantee that the contents are correct, complete and up-to-date. As a service provider, we are responsible for our own content on these pages in accordance with § 7 para.1 TMG (German Telemedia Act) and general laws. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG we are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored information from third parties or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity. Obligations to remove or block the use of information according to general laws remain unaffected by this. However, liability in this respect is only possible from the time of knowledge of a concrete infringement. If we become aware of any such legal infringements, we will remove the content in question immediately.

### Liability for links

Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties, on whose contents we have no influence. Therefore we cannot assume any liability for these external contents. The respective provider or operator of the sites is always responsible for the contents of the linked sites. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking. Illegal contents were not identified at the time of linking. However, a permanent control of the contents of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of the law. If we become aware of any infringements, we will remove such links immediately.

### Copyright

The contents and works on these pages created by the site operators are subject to German copyright law. The reproduction, editing, distribution and any kind of use outside the limits of copyright law require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of these pages are only permitted for private, non-commercial use. Insofar as the content on this site was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are observed. In particular, third-party content is identified as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, please inform us accordingly. If we become aware of any infringements, we will remove such contents immediately.

### Data protection

The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. As far as personal data (e.g. name, address or e-mail addresses) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis, as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent.
We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) can have security gaps. A complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
The use by third parties of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation for the purpose of sending advertising and information material not expressly requested is hereby expressly prohibited. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, for example through spam mails.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you agree to the processing of the data collected about you by Google in the manner and for the purpose described above.

Website imprint created by impressum-generator.de from the **Kanzlei Hasselbach**
